add compile instructions for vs6 (#5)
TheSuperHackers/GeneralsWiki: Code/exe/compile_vs6.md

- Visual Studio v6.0 Service Pack 6 [Link](https://winworldpc.com/download/a4208baa-aaee-11eb-bc5b-0200008a0da4)
- Source code Zero Hour from richardboegli [Link](https://github.com/richardboegli/CnC_Generals_Zero_Hour)
- CMake 3.31.6 [Link](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.31.6/cmake-3.31.6-windows-x86_64.msi)
- Git [Link](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- Windows SDK [Link](https://developer.microsoft.com/de-ch/windows/downloads/windows-sdk/)
- DX8SDK [Link](https://archive.org/download/dx8sdk/dx8sdk.exe)

## Installing your build environment

Installation of tools and software that are needed for compilation.

**Install Visual Studio 6**

- Install Visual Studio 6.0 by extracting the content of the disk and copy the installation files to your project folder.
- Follow the installation instructions from this website [Link](https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/1191047/Install-Visual-Studio-6-0-on-Windows-10)
- **Disable ADO, RDS, and OLE DB Providers**
- **Disable Visual Studio Analyzer**
- **Dont check "Setup Environment Variables" checkbox
- Restart your computer
- Install MSDN a window will pop up

> - Try to install it but it worked if it failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to install, if it fails or you cannot find a CD path, ignore it.
```

**Install Service Pack 6**

- Extract the contents of the service pack.
- Run the installer `Vs6sp6.exe`

**Install CMake**

- Run the installer for CMake
- Keep the defaults during setup wizard

**Install Git**

- Run the git installer
- Keep the defaults during setup wizard

**Install Windows SDK**

- Run the installer
- When promted to install packets just select `Debugtools für Windows`
- You dont need the other packets
- Follow installer
- In your C drive search for the file `DbgHelp.lib`
- There exists 2 files one 64 bit and 32 bit (x86). Select the 32 Bit and copy it to your project folder.

**Install DirectX 8 SDK**

- Run the unzipper this unzips the installer
- Run the installer and select a folder to install directx8 sdk.
- Copy the directx8 content to your project folder. 
- It should contain folder named `Lib` and `Include` these two are important.

## Clone

Clone the code from richard

`git clone https://github.com/richardboegli/CnC_Generals_Zero_Hour.git`

Open `cmd.exe` and navigate to the cloned source code.

`cd CnC_Generals_Zero_Hour`

> Copy the files from Directx 8 contained in the folder `Lib` and `Include` to the `Dependencies\DX8SDK`. Just the file contents of `Lib` and `Include` into the `DX8SDK` folder. 

Reviewer: To improve clarity so people don't do this mistake
```suggestion
Copy all files from the `lib` and `include` folders inside the `DirectX 8` directory and place them directly into `Dependencies\DX8SDK` —do not keep them inside lib or include. Only the file contents should be in DX8SDK, not the `lib` and `include` folders themselves.
```

It should look like this

```shell
`Dependencies/DX8SDK$ ls
activecf.h    d3dx8core.h    dls1.h        dshowasf.h    ksuuids.h
amaudio.h     d3dx8d.lib     dls2.h        DShow.h       mediaerr.h
amparse.h     d3dx8dt.lib    dmdls.h       dsound.h      mediaobj.h
amstream.h    d3dx8effect.h  dmerror.h     dsound.lib    medparam.h
amstrmid.lib  d3dx8.h        dmksctrl.h    dvdevcod.h    mmstream.h
```

Copy the file `DbgHelp.lib` to `Dependencies\DX8SDK`

## Compilation

This steps you need to repeat every time after a reboot of your computer.

**Activate your VS6 Compiler Environment**

Execute the setup build environment script. In your cmd type this.

> `"C:\Programm Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\VC98\Bin\VCVARS32.bat"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\VC98\Bin\VCVARS32.bat"`
```

**Compilation**

> `cmake -preset vc6`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cmake --preset vc6`
```
